welcome to hooked on Driving's getting
on track video we're going to talk today
about maybe the best kept secret in the
motor sports world high-performance
driving experience track days are a
fantastic way to drive your car at a
higher level in a controlled environment
and get to know some great folks get to
know your car better and learn some
driving skills that you never knew you
had
today we're going to cover a track day
from three perspectives one we're going
to go inside an actual hooked on driving
track day we'll listen to participants
who are involved in a track day some
regulars some first-timers and you're
going to enjoy hearing what they have to
say secondly Steve dinan has been kind
enough to host us at the dinin
engineering shop in California where we
will go over a 99 bmw m3 that's being
prepared for a track day thirdly we're
going to experience these great cars
driven by hooked on driving drivers on
this spectacular Reno fernley Raceway
track beautiful scenery and while we're
doing it we're going to be showing you
some intermediate and beginner skills
that will pay off for you any time you
go to a track day and lastly a very
sincere thank you to the shell v-power
team not only for a great product but
for their support of the automotive
enthusiast community that's represented
by making this video possible so what do
you say right now let's get on track
wow you know my heart is still pounding
pretty fast right now I would just
wanted to try my car out you know have
some fun with it you know find out what
the limits are try to be a better driver
it's a great instructor learned a lot of
a mere four thank you